Support for custom purgers (#307)
doctrine/DoctrineFixturesBundle: Resources/doc/index.rst

.. _`installation chapter`: https://getcomposer.org/doc/00-intro.md
.. _`Symfony Flex`: https://symfony.com/doc/current/setup/flex.html
.. _`default service configuration`: https://symfony.com/doc/current/service_container.html#service-container-services-load-example

Specifying purging behavior
---------------------------

> By default alls previously existing data is purged using ``DELETE FROM table`` statements. If you prefer to use

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default all previously existing data is purged using ``DELETE FROM table`` statements. If you prefer to use
```

``TRUNCATE table`` statements for purging, use ``--purge-with-truncate``.

If you want to exclude a set of tables from being purged, e.g. because your schema comes with pre-populated,
semi-static data, pass the option ``--purge-exclusions``. Specify ``--purge-exclusions`` multiple times to exclude
multiple tables.

You can also customize purging behavior significantly more and implement a custom purger plus a custom purger factory.

    // src/Purger/CustomPurger.php
    namespace App\Purger;

    use Doctrine\Common\DataFixtures\Purger\PurgerInterface;

    // ...
    class CustomPurger implements PurgerInterface
    {

>         public function purge(): void

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
        public function purge() : void
```

        {
            // ...
        }
    }

    // src/Purger/CustomPurgerFactory.php
    namespace App\Purger;
    // ...
    use Doctrine\Bundle\FixturesBundle\Purger\PurgerFactory;

    class CustomPurgerFactory implements PurgerFactory
    {

>         public function createForEntityManager(?string $emName, EntityManagerInterface $em, array $excluded = []) : PurgerInterface;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        public function createForEntityManager(?string $emName, EntityManagerInterface $em, array $excluded = []): PurgerInterface;
```

1. to be consistent with the style you used above
2. we are going to remove that space in the next version of our coding standard.

>         public function createForEntityManager(?string $emName, EntityManagerInterface $em, array $excluded = [], bool $purgeWithTruncate = false): PurgerInterface;

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
        public function createForEntityManager(?string $emName, EntityManagerInterface $em, array $excluded = [], bool $purgeWithTruncate = false) : PurgerInterface;
```

        {
            return new CustomPurger($em);
        }
    }

> The next step is to register our custom purger factory and specify it’s alias.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The next step is to register our custom purger factory and specify its alias.
```

.. configuration-block::

    .. code-block:: yaml

        # config/services.yaml
        services:
            App\Purger\CustomPurgerFactory:
                tags:
                    - { name: 'doctrine.fixtures.purger_factory', alias: 'my_purger' }

    .. code-block:: xml

        <!-- config/services.xml -->
        <?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8" ?>
        <container xmlns="http://symfony.com/schema/dic/services"
            xmlns:xsi="http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance"
            xsi:schemaLocation="http://symfony.com/schema/dic/services
                https://symfony.com/schema/dic/services/services-1.0.xsd">

            <services>
                <service id="App\Purger\CustomPurgerFactory">
                    <tag name="doctrine.fixtures.purger_factory" alias="my_purger"/>
                </service>
            </services>
        </container>

    .. code-block:: php

        // config/services.php
        namespace Symfony\Component\DependencyInjection\Loader\Configurator;

        use App\Purger\CustomerPurgerFactory;

>         return function(ContainerConfigurator $configurator) {

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        return function(ContainerConfigurator $configurator): void {
```

>         return function(ContainerConfigurator $configurator): void {

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
        return function(ContainerConfigurator $configurator) : void {
```
